Pay It Forward License (PIF)

Copyright (c) 2025 Space

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

This license includes a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free,
irrevocable (except as stated below) grant for patent claims necessarily
infringed by the use of the Software or any contributions submitted to it;
terminating automatically when an entity initiates patent litigation (including
a cross-claim or counterclaim) alleging that the Software or any portion
thereof infringes a patent.

The software is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In no event shall the
authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages, or other
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort, or otherwise, arising from,
out of, or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the
software.

Recipients of the Software are encouraged to contribute to the originating
project, related projects, or the broader open-source community through actions
including providing code, documentation, financial support, or other efforts
that advance innovation and community growth.
